manifest: update sdk-nrf-802154 revision (#9357)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

nRF IEEE 802.15.4 radio driver
------------------------------

* Added:

>   * RADIO trim values are reapplied after POWER register write to workaround hardware errata 158 for nRF5340.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * RADIO trim values are reapplied after a ``POWER`` register write as a workaround for the hardware errata 158 of the nRF5340.
```
